[RLlib; Docs] Added fixes to CartPole example. (#19908)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/rllib.rst

Running RLlib
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

RLlib has extra dependencies on top of ``ray``. You'll need to install either `PyTorch <http://pytorch.org/>`__ or `TensorFlow <https://www.tensorflow.org>`__ as well as a couple of other dependencies:

.. code-block:: bash

>   # if you want to use PyTorch or TF, only need one of the last two

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Note: You will only need either `torch` or `tensorflow`, but feel free to install both:
```
